Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(In the early Northern Song dynasty.)
(the country was frequently invaded by
the Khitan-led Liao dynasty.)
(The old forces of the former Yan Kingdom)
(were secretly planning to restore their power.)
(Territorial disputes trigger wars.)
(Kindness and enmity are everywhere.)
(Love and hatred are all ignited
by greed and jealousy.)
(No one is an exception.)
(Those who have feelings are all caught in it.)
Mother. do you see how tall I've grown?
let me see.
- You little brat.
- You're here now.
You're almost as tall as me.
That's right.
He's fine.
He's back.
He's all right.
How many Liao thieves have
fallen under you today?
Brother!
You are really not afraid of death?
As a beggar disciple.
live and die together. of course!
Kid. you have the ability!
I. Ma Dayuan. am not wrong about him.
My woman.
Call him Brother Qiao.
Brother Qiao!
Elder Xi!
Are you okay?
Yes. I'm fine.
East 5 South 3.
Five. six. eight.
Gusu.
Waiter.
is there any breakfast to eat?
Hurry up and bring us some!
Sure!
Please come with me.
Master!
What's that in your cage downstairs ?
A sacrifice.
A livestock. I see.
My Buddha is compassionate and does not
abandon all sentient beings.
I was passing through Dali
when I met a stubborn creature.
it was unruly.
So I took it to see an old friend.
it is a kind of sending it to deliverance.
Take your time.
It's easy to rehabilitate people.
It's hard to help yourself!
Master is a monk.
a monk...
speaks of compassion.
If you are compassionate.
Why do you put a living human being In a cage?
Hero! I am Dali Duan Yu.
This stinking monk Jiu Mozhi.
he wants to take me to
Murong Bo's tomb in Gusu as a sacrifice.
I would like to ask you. Master.
What is compassion?
Compassion and happiness of all beings.
Sorrow plucks the suffering of all beings.
I send him to be redeemed.
Naturally. it is to save him from suffering.
Forcing a person to be redeemed.
will increase his suffering.
how can it be considered compassionate?
Three lifetimes of karma.
six paths of reincarnation.
I am redeeming the caged person.
it is to help him to redeem his karma
and return to reincarnation.
That's not compassionate?
The destined person.
I met master by chance.
it's quite a fate.
How about this?
This meal
is on me.
But the little brother in the cage
has to stay today.
It seems
we are not just a casual acquaintance.
Donor.
You have been waiting here for a long time.
I am just passing through here.
having come all the way from Tufan.
And it wasn't the Song people who were arrested.
What does it have to do with you?
In the place of the Great Song Dynasty.
anyone who
disregards the morality of Jiang Hu.
It's all my business!
Too much bad karma in the world.
Never play with fire.
I'm just a man who can't afford
to wear warm clothes.
can't get enough to eat.
I am not afraid of bad karma.
As long as
I can look up to the sky without shame.
on the ground. don't let the people down.
The Song dynasty is in jeopardy.
If you know what's right now.
you should go to the border to
deliver the hostages.
maybe there is still a chance to survive.
Aren't you afraid of being
surrounded by enemies?
The wrath of all is hard to offend!
I won't offend you if you don't offend me
If someone offends me and crosses my line.
I will fight with him.
I will fight as long as he wants.
I'll keep on fighting!
Then.
it depends on your fate today!
Dragon Claw Hand!
Branch Beats the White Chimpanzee?
It is used to beat bastards.
Master came from Tubo.
I guess you're not well adapted to
our climate in Central Plain.
After all. the Central Plain has a large capacity.
Do you want to take a breath and fight again?
You want to save all the beings in hell.
you must first suffer the suffering of hell.
Until hell is empty.
you will not become a Buddha!
Go to hell!
"Eighteen Subduing Dragon Palms".
Master!
You are the master of the Beggar Gang.
Qiao Feng!
What day is it today? Why so many people?
Qiao Feng.
something big happened to the beggar gang!
Sir.
Beggar gang and our Murong family
has no relationship.
Why did you bring us here?
I just want you to see.
known as the world's first
largest gang of beggars.
What is it
really like inside!
Within our gang. a foreign traitor is mixed in.
And this traitor
is in the high status of the gang.
The traitor we are talking about
is you!
What are you talking about?
Elder Ball!
What do you want to say?
Vice Master Ma was killed last night.
he was killed by a traitor.
Brother Ma was killed?
What happened?
Someone testified.
it was you who did it!
That's ridiculous!
I had no enmity with Brother Ma.
Why would I hurt him?
What happened?
Who said that?
It was me.
Qiao Feng!
Why did you kill my husband?
Madam!
Don't let anyone sow discord between you and me!
It was my husband who told me before he died.
he said he had a letter
that could reveal your true identity.
He said he was afraid
you would kill him to silence him.
He also said
if one day.
he really was killed.
It must be you who did it!
Please. Elder Bai!
Please tell us the contents of the letter.
Tell the gang
brothers.
This man Qiao Feng
is not one of us.
His biological parents
died at the hands of the Song people.
Another day.
that's fine if the son does not know his origins.
otherwise.
not only will the beggar gang
be destroyed by his hand.
the central plain Wu Lin
will also suffer a great calamity.
The matter of passing
on the position of the master
involves too much.
Please think twice!
Just by this letter?
Your murder of Vice Master Ma
perhaps still have doubts.
But...
You are a Khitan!
Not only do we have physical evidence.
we also have witnesses!
Here's Elder Xu!
Elder Xu!
Thirty years ago.
the great men of the Central Plains
led by a leading brother
to go to Yanmen Pass
to ambush the Khitan soldiers.
Master Wang was among them.
At that time
a Khitan couple mistakenly entered the battle.
unfortunately died.
leaving behind a baby in swaddling clothes.
This child has grown up.
joined the Beggar Gang.
He made a great achievement in the war.
The master Wang then intended to
will beggar master's position
to him.
This letter
was written by the leader to Master Wang.
At the end of his life.
He gave this letter to Vice Master Ma.
Qiao Feng!
Witness.
physical evidence.
solid evidence!
What do you have to say?
Elder Xu!
Take care!
Have you thought about
this letter
could be forged.
Elder Xu's words is true or not.
I will definitely find out.
For the sake of our
beggar's hundred-year foundation.
we must first
depose you as the head of the gang.
expel you from the Beggar's Gang.
We will never allow a Khitan
continuously be our master.
Eight disciples.
if you still persist in ignorance.
you will be dealt with according to
the rules of the gang!
The four Elders.
today.
indeed to dethrone Qiao Feng's position
as the leader of the gang?
As a law enforcement elder.
I must remind you
according to the rules of the Gang.
beggar disciples offend the master of the gang.
no matter what the reason is
must be subjected to the sword
to offset the crime of disrespect.
On the sword!
A great man has no fear of life and death.
let alone a mere Dharma sword.
I'll go first!
What do you want?
You four elders
are the credit of the Beggar's Gang.
We are all brothers.
I don't want to fight with each other!
This sword tortured bloody law.
I'll take it for you all!
Master!
A great man!
Act with integrity and honesty!
Everything is done without shame!
Alright.
From this moment on.
I am no longer the master of the beggar gang!
You listen to me!
All the slander against me today.
I will definitely find out the truth!
Don't worry. everyone!
As long as I live.
I will never harm our Song people!
Not a single life!
Take care!
Stop!
You killed my husband!
You want to get away with it?
Qiao Feng!
You are no longer the master of the Gang.
we
then can treat you as a stranger!
If I. Qiao Feng wants to leave.
who can stop it?
I think Qiao Feng is a foolish man!
He has only kung fu.
but by the beggar gang bullied to this extent.
If it were me.
I would have taught them a lesson!
That's right.
even helped them to block the sword!
What a joke!
A Zhu.
what do you think?
There are a hundred different kinds
of people in the world.
There are people who
bite the hand that feeds them.
There are those who repay
their grievances with virtue.
All of them are only the heart of the action.
I think Qiao Feng is not foolish.
He is just seeking a guilt-free heart.
Loyalty and righteousness are not constant.
Heaven and earth are not benevolent.
Since the ancient times.
loyalty and righteousness
have always stood on the throne.
Profit and wealth move the heart.
A Zhu.
go to Shaolin Temple!
Father!
Mother!
Father.
I am Qiao Feng!
Who did it?
I want to know.
Who am I?
Feng. you are...
Old man Qiao.
we've come to harvest the seedlings.
Qiao Feng!
You killed your parents!
So...
the rumor that you killed
the Beggar's Gang's Ma Dayuan
is true!
You are really a Khitan bastard!
You're worse than a dog or a pig!
If you are capable.
today. you can
kill us both!
I didn't kill anyone!
If I were to kill someone.
would you still be alive?
(In loving memory of my parents. Mr. & Mrs. Qiao)
Who really injured you?
Are you serious?
You won't say anything?
The day I was ordained.
I was named by my master.
Xuan Ku.
But life...
the sea of suffering is endless!
I cannot
help the one who hurt me.
then there is nothing to say!
My little brother!
Why are you suffering like this?
Xuan Ku. I...
don't want
all of you worry about me.
further increase my karma.
I won't say anything.
I also hope that
that man
could put down the butcher's knife.
And turn back to the shore.
Master!
I. Qiao Feng. am useless!
Insulting the reputation of Shaolin.
I'm here late at night to see you.
I just want to make one thing clear.
I. Qiao Feng. am a Song man
or a Khitan?
Master!
Help!
That man is back again.
Quickly. help!
Help! That man is back again.
- My elder brother
- Little bother!
Find him!
Amitabha!
You said I'm back again.
what do you mean?
Have you seen me?
The Yidin Jing has been stolen.
(Yidin Jing)
There's someone in this room.
That's him.
He's the one who killed Master Xuan Ku.
Master!
We went to Qiao's house that day
and saw it for ourselves.
He was the one who killed his adoptive parents.
You cruelly killed your parents
and your teacher!
Qiao Feng!
You are no longer worthy to be
called a human being!
And now you steal the masterpiece of the temple!
Are you not
bullying our Shaolin?
Dear brothers.
I will never hurt anyone in Shaolin!
If you all
believe the rumors of Jiang Hu.
I have nothing to say!
Everyone in the world says you are.
And you are!
Don't run!
Stop!
Catch him!
Master!
You were injured by Shaolin Master
Xuan Nan's Powerful Vajra Palm
on the heart.
I used my vital energy to protect your heart.
It saved your life.
otherwise you would have died long ago!
Who are you?
How dare you go to the Shaolin Temple
and steal the Yidin Jing?
I didn't steal it!
I borrowed it!
I'll return it after reading it!
You noble sects are so stubborn.
You always like to wrong people!
Since you think I'm a thief.
then A Zhu thanks you for saving my life!
Goodbye!
Steamed buns.
Put on some dry clothes!
Not stolen!
Borrowed!
Your wound.
it's all because of me!
I'll figure it out.
No need.
I'll figure it out myself.
The rain is too heavy.
Really pissed off!
Then. it's all the fault
of this pig-like Qiao Feng!
He alone has messed up Jiang Hul!
It's a mess!
This shitty weather!
We still have to run to the sects
to report the message!
Crazy!
That's right!
I used to think Qiao Feng was a hero!
I did not think he was so heartless!
Do you know?
Qiao Feng this person.
although a very poor character.
his kung fu is very powerful.
Fortunately.
there is still me. Bao Qianling. in this Jianghu.
In terms of Kung Fu.
I'm a match for him.
Sometimes.
I can still a little better than him!
If I'm lucky today.
I could meet Qiao Feng on the road.
see how I will break him into pieces!
Let's go!
Go!
Boss! Why aren't you riding a horse today?
Lost!
Lost?
Yep.
Bad luck. right?
Yesterday when I was getting lucky.
I heard that Qiao Feng killed
someone in Shaolin Temple.
Don't you think it's a serious matter?
So. I didn't have time to turn over my money.
God has opened his eyes!
Today send me a horse!
You can walk behind me.
I'll go on my horse.
Boss. take care.
Boss!
Are you okay. boss?
Are you okay?
Boss. are you going to ride the horse?
Do you believe what they said?
You're saved!
Hero Qiao.
Thank you!
I thought...
I was going to die.
It's not that easy to die.
If you find Dr. Xue. you'll be saved.
But I heard that
Dr. Xue has long disappeared.
How did you find him?
You do not remember?
I used to be the head of the Beggar's Gang.
I of course I have my own way.
Then.
Do you have ways
to give me a bun?
No more buns.
take some porridge.
Does it taste good?
Next time.
let's eat the bun.
You're right.
Why did you sneak into Shaolin to steal something?
Actually
I'm a servant girl of the Murong family.
My master said
as long as I steal the Yidin Jing.
he would tell me my origins.
So that
I can see my parents.
But now.
with my current injuries.
I'm afraid that
I'll never be able to see them again in my life.
You will see your parents.
I promise you.
You can't sleep Either?
Hero Qiao.
Just call me Brother Qiao.
Brother Qiao.
After you send me to Dr. Xue's place.
where are you going?
I'm going to Yanmen Pass.
You want to find out your origins?
If I'm a Khitan.
would you think I'm a bad person?
Whether you're a Khitan or not.
in my heart.
you are a good person.
Once upon a time there was a poor family.
the child's father was seriously ill.
So they took all the money they had.
went to find a doctor.
But the doctor was a fraud.
took the money and ignored them.
The money is the life-saving money
of the father's medical treatment.
So.
that kid sneaked into the con man's house.
wanted to get the money back.
But the crook found out.
The kid took a knife out of himself
and killed the crook.
With his blood-stained hands.
he brought back the money.
Do you think the boy went with the knife.
just to get the money back?
Or did he want to kill someone?
If he wanted to kill someone.
would he still be a good person?
I would do the same thing.
He did all this
for the sake of his loved ones.
I'll tell the Kid.
in this world.
there's still someone on his side.
Then...
please tell him one more thing for me.
thank him for saving me!
Okay.
Today
all heroes
gather at my Juxian Manor.
working together!
We will eliminate Qiao Feng
to eliminate the evil in Wu Lin!
Drink up!
Cheers!
Kill Qiao Feng!
Kill the traitor!
Master!
What the hell is going on?
Tell me!
Qiao...
Qiao Feng is here!
Go!
Qiao. how dare you
to come to You brothers'
Juxian Manor.
What a coincidence?
We are discussing
how to root outscums like you.
I come here to see Divine Doctor Xue.
Amitabha Buddha!
Qiao Feng.
do you know that before Brother Xuan Ku died.
he still hoped that you could
put down the butcher's knife
and return to the shore!
But you.
conspire with a foreign woman
to steal our mastery!
You are corrupting the reputation of Shaolin!
Qiao Feng.
you have no conscience!
You killed my husband!
Today.
even if I have to risk my life.
I want you to pay in blood!
I beg you all.
heroes.
must help me to do justice!
Madam Ma.
Whether Vice Master Ma was
killed by Qiao Feng or not.
it is not yet a final decision.
Isn't your behavior a bit out of character?
It's obvious that we're here to
eliminate the traitor today!
But you.
seem to provide support for this Qiao Feng!
I would like to ask
you beggar gang is not trying to
protect this Khitan dog traitor?
This is our beggar's business!
I see who dare to say more?
That's enough!
Why to start a ruckus among ourselves?
Let outsiders see the joke.
Qiao Feng pleaded for help from Doctor Xue.
Miss Zhu is seriously injured; it's because of me!
I came here today because of you.
Because under the sky.
you are the only one who can save her!
If you help today.
One day I. Qiao Feng
will repay you!
Wounded by the Powerful Vajra Palm!
If you hadn't used your
inner strength to keep me alive.
I would not have survived today!
People of the Apricot Grove.
we should
have kind hands and hearts.
Anyone who asks for medical help with an illness.
I will not refuse.
Only the people brought by you. Qiao Feng.
I will not save any of them!
You are a Khitan.
learned the Kung Fu of the Central Plains
and used it to kill Central Plains people!
This is a sin!
How can I tolerate you?
Doctor Xue is right!
Kill this Khitan traitor!
Kill him!
Everyone here are heroes.
you should distinguish between right and wrong!
It's me you want to Kill!
This girl has nothing to do with it!
Are you going to stay back for
watching this innocent girl die like this?
This is against your intention to help the world!
Qiao Feng!
Since you want to save this girl so much.
Today if we ask you to
give your life for her.
will you say yes?
It would be my pleasure to
save a close friend of mine with my life.
But...
it depends on whether you're capable of
taking my life away.
Leave your life behind!
Her life.
I'll keep it for you!
Thank you!
Brother Qiao.
I don't want to treat the wound.
There are many of my former brothers here.
Today we are enemies. not friends.
The world's heroes say I'm a Khitan.
They said I killed my beloved teacher.
my parents.
and some old friends.
If people want to attribute those crimes to me.
no excuse whatsoever is needed!
This bowl is the wine of severance.
Drink it!
We'll write off all past grudges!
You killed me.
it is not ungrateful.
I killed you.
it's not being guilty.
Heroes of the world.
this is the evidence!
Any of you want to take my life.
come out and drink with me!
I'll drink!
Qiao Feng.
in Jiang Hu. the world
everyone thinks you're a hero!
I never thought that today you.
to save a woman.
even sacrificed your life!
My late husband was killed by your hand.
You and I are no longer old friends.
This bowl of wine.
I'll drink it on behalf of my husband.
I'll drink it with you!
The four Buddhist monks
must abide by the precepts of alcohol.
Today I will use tea instead of wine.
Qiao Feng.
You have been trained by me
since you were a child in Shaolin.
I didn't expect
today. your fate has come to this!
So be it!
Buddha will not accept those who have no destiny.
Sow this cause.
and reap the fruits.
Everything is created by the mind alone. Master.
Finish this bowl of wine.
I
will keep my hands off you.
Okay.
Amitabha Buddha.
Qiao Feng.
our brothers were in Guanxi
we almost lost our lives to
a group of Xixia soldiers.
Thanks to your rescue.
You are indeed very kind to us.
But in the face of justice.
personal favors
is not worth mentioning.
I. Xiang Wanghai.
have few people I admire in my life.
[. too. Qi Liu.
Bottoms up!
Now the beggar gang reward
and punishment is clear.
which is you setting the standard.
I respect you!
Within the gang. the army has been strengthened.
You deserve the credit!
This bowl of wine.
I for the beggar brothers.
to you!
The conspiracy and spying within the gang
thanks to your help!
To you!
Many times to assassinate foreign enemies!
If you hadn't intervened.
our brothers would have been killed long ago.
To you!
We have fought and killed.
We fought in the battlefield.
We were good brothers who lived and died together!
Unfortunately. today
someone must die.
To you!
To be able to go through battles with
all of you many times.
is Qiao Feng's good fortune!
After drinking the wine.
in this life. our relationship is terminated.
I hope that in the next life.
we can still be good brothers!
Please!
Boss!
Didn't you always want to kill
Qiao Feng in pieces?
Now is the chance!
Boss. this is a good opportunity.
Go!
Okay.
Qiao Feng.
I'll have a drink with you too.
I'll have a breakup drink with all the heroes!
Who are you?
You are not worth it!
Let me tell you.
I'm drinking this bowl of wine with you.
I am giving you face!
This man...
murdered his father and mother!
The Khitan traitor who deceived his master
and destroyed his ancestors.
This bowl of wine!
You don't deserve to drink with me!
I'll drink it myself!
Drink it myself!
Khitan traitor!
Take your life!
I'll take your life!
Let's go together!
What are you waiting for?
Beggars' Sect members
Go!
Turn it over.
I want to kill you. the Khitan dog!
Master!
Brother Qiao!
Qiao Feng.
for the sake of Wu Lin.
you must die!
"Highlight dragon's shame"!
Disciples of Juxian Village!
Arrange the formation.
Qiao Feng.
Let her pay for.
what you've done.
A Zhu.
Go to hell!
Brother Qiao!
You know they'd kill you!
Why did you come here?
I promised to save you.
Was it worth it?
It's worth it.
In this world.
you are the only one.
still trust in me.
"Eighteen Subduing Dragon Palms"?
Brother Qiao.
Brother Qiao. please go away
and leave me alone!
Brother Qiao.
To be a real man means
to be man of men while you're alive.
and soul of souls if you're dead!
Since I'm going to die.
I'll die with you!
Come on!
I've stabbed his Qi Hui acupoint.
He can't use his power anymore!
Now is not the time to talk about
the righteousness of the world!
Kill him quickly!
Kill him!
And kill the girl too!
God's will cannot be disobeyed!
Without Qiao Feng.
I'll see who else can come to your rescue!
Why kill her?
Qiao Feng would give up his life for her!
Let me cure her.
Qiao Feng must come back.
(Xing)
(Yan)
Father.
I will follow your last wish.
to conceal my light
and endure hardships.
I have finally come to this day.
Today. the Song Dynasty
is already full of devastation.
As long as
I defeat Qiao Feng.
It will be the time for our Great Yan
to raise great justice!
Great Yan's sword
has been covered in dust for a long time.
The day it is sheathed.
it will be
invincible!
I've recovered!
Let me go!
I saved your life.
When I want you to go.
then you to leave!
Brother Qiao must still be alive!
He will definitely come back to save me!
By then.
I'm afraid you'll be the first one to leave.
I've been helping the world for many years!
How many people I have saved in Jianghu?
What have I gained?
They are all hypocrites and villains!
Qiao Feng is a villain!
Everyone in Wu Lin wants to kill him!
But in their hearts they fear him!
Why?
It is because he is different from all of you!
I knew you were born with a hard life.
You will not die so easily!
There's food on the table.
Suit yourself!
Thank you for saving my life!
If it weren't for your deep internal strength.
I couldn't save you even if I wanted to!
Do you know
what destiny is?
What can you tell me?
Grudges and strife
is the destiny of the country.
it is the destiny of man.
In Jiang Hu.
it is difficult to overcome love and revenge.
All the causes and consequences in the world
cannot escape the word love and injustice.
No one is an exception.
Those who have feelings are all caught in it.
In fact. there is no difference
between life and death and nirvana.
There is no difference between
emotion and non-emotion.
Everything is only the mind. seniors.
You are a Khitan.
Even gave up your life for a Song woman.
Do you know?
The hatred between the Song and you
are incompatible with each other.
If you die like this.
How can you face meeting your real parents?
Whether it's the Khitan or the Song People.
I believe that my biological parents.
They are not the kind of people
who cut off love and justice.
Your father Xiao Yuanshan.
indeed. he is not a heartless and unrighteous man.
You know about my real parents?
Who are you?
It doesn't matter who I am!
The most important thing is
you know who you are.
Somebody!
Somebody. open the door!
Hurry up!
That girl hurt me!
She's gone!
Go after her!
And all of you. go after her!
What are you arguing about?
I pay you back for Brother Qiao.
This is a small injury!
I will heal myself!
When I get better.
I'll gather Wu Lin.
Then I will destroy you and that Khitan dog!
No!
My medical center!
My medicine! My medical center!
It's gone!
Sir!
A Zhu is not dead!
It seems Qiao Feng
will definitely appear.
It's really South Murong.
North Qiao Feng!
You are Gusu Murong Fu!
A famous family.
attacking from behind!
What do you mean?
Brother Qiao!
Your Song Dynasty.
Internal and external troubles.
Value literature over kung fu.
The Song people have turned their backs
on you like this!
Why don't you and |
Join hands together!
How about we work together for the world?
Although I am a man of the world.
what is the right way and what is the wrong way.
I understand it very well.
You and I have different paths.
we can't work together!
The Song people treated you like this.
and you don't hate them at all?
What I hate
are those who stir up unnecessary strife.
Strife in the world
are for fame
or for benefits.
There is no such thing as unnecessary.
You're here
to look for A Zhu. right?
Hurry up!
Don't play tricks with me!
Keep walking!
Khitan dogs.
Hurry up!
Grandpa!
I can't walk anymore.
I want to drink water.
Hurry up!
Sir!
We've been walking for two days.
Have mercy on us.
Give us a drink of water.
Stop!
- You want some water?
- Yes.
You drink first!
- Come on.
- Thanks!
You want to drink water?
You Khitan dogs.
Aren't you born strong and tough?
Need some water?
Really?
Do you still want to drink?
Do you think we Song people can't win?
Down with the Song soldiers!
I'll beat you now. you Khitan dog!
- Do you dare to battle with us?
- Stop beating!
Khitan dog!
Don't!
Go to Hell!
Go home!
If I were a Khitan.
would you think I'm a bad person?
Whether you are a Khitan or not.
in my heart. you are a good person!
You are a Khitan.
Learned the Kung Fu of the Central Plains
and used it to kill Central Plains people!
You are indeed a Khitan bastard!
Worse than a dog or a pig!
I will never harm the Song people in my life!
In my single life!
I will never harm our Song people in my life!
Do you think I'm a bad person?
Brother Qiao!
I thought...
I thought I'd never see you again!
After I recovered. I looked for you everywhere!
I've been waiting for you here for five days!
I was thinking...
I want to wait for you here!
I want to wait for you!
Because I know you're going to be all right.
You're going to be okay.
From today onwards.
I will no longer be ashamed of the Khitan.
and not proud of the Song people!
When I find out my origins.
when you see your parents.
I'll quit Jiang Hu.
We will go to the countryside.
Grazing cattle and sheep.
never ask about the world's affairs anymore.
A Zhu.
You will come with me!
Whether you're a Khitan or not!
When we parted at Juxian Manor.
I have made up my mind
that for the rest of my life.
I will follow you.
Madam.
Doctor Xue was burned to death!
Maybe Qiao Feng.
he went to save that bitch.
Qiao Feng he's not dead yet!
If Qiao Feng is really not dead.
he find out what if Ma Dayuan
died in our hands.
he will definitely come back to take revenge.
But we are also under the command of the leader.
How about
let's go find the leader.
But he's unpredictable.
He can't be seen.
The leader.
Duan Zhengchun.
He's not in Dali.
he's already here!
In Mirror Lake.
Xiaokang.
It's done!
You are smart!
This time Duan Zhengchun
he is
surely will die!
But...
Are you really willing to
let him die?
Those men who have wronged me!
Die...
It's all cheap for them!
I. Bai Shijing.
will never fail you!
Are you afraid?
Don't be afraid.
Even if you die
I will let you die
comfortably.
Why don't you let me kill him?
Your Highness!
A Zi!
She is your own daughter!
This golden lock!
You put it on with your own hands back then!
It's engraved with a bamboo character.
You don't remember. do you?
She is my daughter?
I came back this time because I wanted
I don't have a father!
Since I was a child.
I've been alone.
Since you abandoned me so cruelly back then.
never expect me to recognize you again!
Give it back to you!
You don't deserve to be my father!
(Zhu)
Thank you for saving me!
No need to say thank you!
I just don't like those side ways
which they hurt people.
Heroic and chivalrous!
Why did you come to Mirror Lake?
Are you Duan Zhengchun?
I am.
I am Qiao Feng.
I was just coming to find you!
You are Qiao Feng. the great hero?
I know that my son Duan Yu
and you are brothers!
I've always wanted to meet you!
My son is naughty.
He's locked up in the temple
in front of the mountain to meditate.
Today is God's will.
Yes!
It is the will of God!
In that case.
then. I invite you two
to come to the Mirror Lake courtyard
for a get-together.
I'll come see you tonight.
Good.
Your Highness has not shown up for a long time.
You're here this time.
What do you want?
I want to see you.
Although I am not here.
you are always on my mind
Do you really think
I don't know how many women you have out there?
How can you believe the rumors of the world?
Just like Qiao Feng.
Everyone in the world says he's a villain.
But I believe he is loyal and righteous.
He's not the kind of person
who would do such things.
I'm just like him.
I never care what people outside say.
I just hope that
people around me
can understand me completely.
Just give me a chance
to take you and Zi back to Dali.
Let me be a good father. a good husband!
Let's reunite as a family!
What family reunion?
Don't you know that A Zi.
she has a sister?
Sister?
Where is she?
I gave her to someone else.
Why did you do that?
Why did I do it?
Your Highness.
you have so many concubines. so many women.
So many children!
Do you care about her?
I deliberately gave her to someone else!
So that she would hate you
for the rest of her life!
Even if she kills you with her own hands.
I think it's the right thing to do.
Get off!
A Zi!
You're not really going to
kill your father. are you?
You just said
if I kill him.
he deserved it anyway.
He doesn't deserve to die now!
I know you're doing it for my own good!
No need to scold my daughter.
Shut up!
Zi!
It's all my fault!
Don't fight!
What are you doing sneaking around?
You are a friend of hero Qiao!
The things you threw away.
now we found it.
Thank you!
Anything else?
Your daughter
loves you.
I know that.
as a father
I also love my daughter very much!
A Zhu.
You come to drink with me tonight!
Brother Qiao.
Why?
You did not do it today?
I have to see someone else.
Brother Qiao.
To know you.
to experience so many things with you.
in my life
I feel the most happy.
So...
No matter what
I hope you can get rid of the knot in your heart.
After tonight
I'll take you to the border.
Okay?
Yes.
In the border
I herd cattle
You herd the sheep
Care freely and happily
live out the rest of our lives.
Brother Qiao.
why are you here?
Little Brother Duan.
your father. Duan Zheng Chun.
is the one who killed my parents.
I'm going to end it with him tonight.
I treat you as a brother.
For the sake of friendship and righteousness.
I have to tell you in person.
After tonight.
you take revenge for your father.
I will not run away.
Master!
I'm Xu Zhu.
saw your hostile energy.
I would like to advise you that
one thought becomes Buddha.
one thought leads to the devil!
Hero Qiao.
Duan Zhengchun.
Where's A Zhu?
She's fine.
I know what you're here for today.
That's right.
The bloodshed at Yanmen Pass 30 years ago.
Admit it or not.
you were the leader.
It was my fault back then.
I just reunited with my daughter.
I don't want her to lose her loved ones.
I beg you!
Can you let go of this grudge?
When you killed my parents.
I lost a loved one.
What about that?
Thirty years later
You have caused the whole jianghu
a bloody mess!
The sins you sowed.
you have to pay back!
How can it be you?
Brother Qiao.
I'm sorry.
I can't
let you kill Duan Zhengchun!
It is because
he's my father!
You're so silly!
Brother Qiao.
my life
was originally saved by you!
So don't blame yourself.
You're so silly!
To die in your arms.
This life.
I have no regrets!
It's my fault!
Brother Qiao...
Will you still
take me to Seaside?
Yes.
I will...
I don't want to do this to her.
A Zhu!
Thirty years ago.
I've been in Dali.
I've never been to Yanmen Pass.
As for the letter you mentioned.
I didn't write it!
Also. I'm not the leader you're looking for!
I really don't understand
why they would use you to kill me?
Bai Shijing!
Branch Beats the White Chimpanzee.
It is a powerful object!
It should choose a wise master to live with.
Beggar Gang
is the largest gang in the world.
but serving for the weakened Song Dynasty!
Mr. Murong said
Great Song
If they fought with Dali.
the world will be in chaos!
The world will be in chaos!
If there is chaos.
only then we can rise to power!
So you used me to kill Duan Zhengchun!
From the beginning to the end.
it's always you and Kang Min.
Murong Fu was behind it.
conspiring to cause chaos!
The world is full of shameless people like you!
That's why there's so much chaos!
Does she the one who killed my sister?
Kang Min.
How can you live up to the Beggar's Gang?
How can you live up to Brother Ma?
Ma Dayuan?
He snatched me back when I was 14!
My whole life
Is ruined in the hands of you beggar gang men!
But I. Kang Min. am not willing to give up!
I want all men in the world
to bow and scrape to me.
As long as I. Kang Min
what I can't get.
I can't let anyone else get it either!
What makes you think that all men in the world
will listen to you?
My beautiful face.
All men in the world except Qiao Feng.
all men
can fall under my skirt!
Even your father is the same!
Your face.
It's really pretty!
My face!
Elder Bai.
Qiao Feng has arrived!
Thank you!
You've accomplished all your merits!
Mr. Murong.
Kill Qiao Feng!
We'll share the world!
Murong Fu.
You are finally willing to show yourself!
Today we must settle all grudges!
Today is the day that the Great Yan
is restored!
Either
be a meritorious servant of the Great Yan Kingdom.
or.
be a dead soldier of your Song Denasty!
If you don't surrender.
I will let you die here!
Come and get it if you dare!
What are you waiting for?
Scumbag!
Look at your hand!
You're not leaving yet?
I'm not leaving!
It's none of your business here!
Go home!
Go!
I'm here to help you!
I took my father's sword.
Here.
I didn't expect a Khitan.
use the broken sword of Dali.
to protect the broken Song Dynasty!
Can you protect it?
I am defending
not only this land.
but also the righteousness of
the people of the world!
You see?
This is what happens if you
don't submit to my country.
Do you think that your
"Eighteen Subduing Dragon Palms”.
is the best Kung Fu in the world?
My Murong family's "Star Shifting".
which is the best martial art in the world.
Qiao Feng!
Have you always had the obsession to be a hero?
But what about now?
Your obsession is broken. right?
You didn't expect to end up with no family?
You're going to die badly!
If you hold on to one thought.
then we are trapped in one thought.
Letting go of one thought.
No distracting thoughts.
Only then can one become a Buddha!
Master.
why is there a low-browed Bodhisattva.
and the Vajra of Angry Eyes?
Vajra's obsession is to get rid of demons.
Then this obsession.
is it right or wrong?
Should we let it go?
Murong Fu.
I am not a hero!
I'm just an ordinary person
who sticks to the right path!
What I want to do now is to
let you go to hell!
Your father has finally brought your mother
and Zi back to Dali.
But you know your mother can't stand your father.
it won't take long.
your mother returns to Mirror Lake
And about A Zi.
she's a naughty girl.
She said she wanted to go into the world.
Now she's disappeared.
I don't know where she's gone.
I promised
to bring you to Seaside.
Now we're here.
Just like I told you before.
I'll herd the cattle and you'll herd the sheep.
No longer care about the world!
Kingdoms across four seas.
a thousand autumns ten thousands years.
In my heart
I only have you. A Zhu!
(In memory of my beloved wife A Zhu)
Brother-in-law!
Father?
You're still alive!
I have avoided the world for 30 years.
just to wait for the day
you can restore our Great Yan.
How can you be so useless?
I've really tried my best.
Father.
I. Murong Bo. have entered the world.
Everything is just about to begin.
Yuanshan. are we almost at the Yanmen pass?
Thank you for raising my son.
You Are?
Who did it?
Xiao Yuanshan.
Finally I can pay you back.
Thirty years has passed.
You've finally shown yourself!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org